# MiniMORPG

### Idea

Plan is to make very simple RPG world.
Mechanics are like to sides of a coin. Other side focuses on crafting, and other side focuses on combat.

Good weapons can only be crafted and thats where players need crafting.
But on the other hand, only some materials can be harvested via combat.

This is something we need to balance so that players on both sides of the coin will have an enjoyable experience.

We also try to keep players only on one side of the coin at the time.

*Most of these features are subject to change as the development goes.*

### Materials

Materials will have different properties and its up to players to find a good use for them. If possible there won't be any "useless" materials.

Some materials come by combining things together. And some can only be found by slaying creatures or harvesting the land.

### Combat

Combat will be relatively simple. Each weapon has a different attack type which is good for specific enemy or armor.

The damage, Durability and other stats of the weapon will be determined by the materials it was made with. Some materials are more durable then others.

We try not to put any class restrictions as of now.

### Creatures

Creatures have unique weaknesses, attack patterns and other features. We try to make the creatures be as unique as possible.

Some Materials might be obtained from killing the creatures. Some might be generated by letting the creature live. We try to spice up the things so that players won't just go on a rampage killing everything.

### World

The world will hopefully be hand made into small instances which get hopefully loaded seamlesly as the player moves between instances.

World will mostly be harvestable, but there is a limit on how much you can harvest. The World will regenerate resouces at slow pace, and some resources come faster then others.

We think that this feature will make the player switch places and get them explore the world more.

World will also contain Dungeons where Players who are interested in combat can challenge themselves in order to get new loot. Dungeon delving is an importan feature for crafters, because it contains materials that people are unable to get their hands on otherwise

### More to be added...
